README.md, before:

# Predicting Satisfiability of Benchmark Instances

This repository contains the code and text of the paper

> Bach, Jakob, and Markus Iser. "Predicting Satisfiablity of Benchmark Instances"

(The paper is not published yet.
Once it's published, we'll add a link to it here.
We'll link the experimental data, too.)

This document describes the setup and the steps to reproduce the experiments.

## Setup

Before running the scripts to reproduce the experiments, you should

1) Set up an environment (optional, but recommended).
2) Install all necessary dependencies.

Our code is implemented in Python (version 3.8; other versions, including lower ones, might work as well).

### Option 1: `conda` Environment

If you use `conda`, you can directly install the correct Python version into a new `conda` environment
and activate the environment as follows:

```bash
conda create --name <conda-env-name> python=3.8
conda activate <conda-env-name>
```

Choose `<conda-env-name>` as you like.

To leave the environment, run

```bash
conda deactivate
```

### Option 2: `virtualenv` Environment

We used [`virtualenv`](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/) (version 20.4.7; other versions might work as well) to create an environment for our experiments.
First, you need to install the correct Python version yourself.
Let's assume the Python executable is located at `<path/to/python>`.
Next, you install `virtualenv` with

```bash
python -m pip install virtualenv==20.4.7
```

To set up an environment with `virtualenv`, run

```bash
python -m virtualenv -p <path/to/python> <path/to/env/destination>
```

Choose `<path/to/env/destination>` as you like.

Activate the environment in Linux with

```bash
source <path/to/env/destination>/bin/activate
```

Activate the environment in Windows (note the back-slashes) with

```cmd
<path\to\env\destination>\Scripts\activate
```

To leave the environment, run

```bash
deactivate
```

### Dependency Management

After activating the environment, you can use `python` and `pip` as usual.
To install all necessary dependencies for this repo, switch to the directory `code/` and run

```bash
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

If you make changes to the environment and you want to persist them, run

```bash
python -m pip freeze > requirements.txt
```

## Reproducing the Experiments

After setting up and activating an environment, you are ready to run the code.
From the directory `code/`, run

```bash
python -m prepare_datasets
```

to download and pre-process the input data for the experiments from the [GBD website](https://gbd.iti.kit.edu/).
Next, start the experimental pipeline with

```bash
python -m run_experiments
```

Depending on your hardware, this might take some time.
To print statistics and create the plots for the paper, run

```bash
python -m run_evaluation
```

All scripts have a few command-line options, which you can see by running the scripts like

```bash
python -m prepare_datasets --help
```

Commit message:

Add hint on project status to README
Projected suspended because not enough time to work on it.

README.md, after:

# Predicting Satisfiability of Benchmark Instances

This repository contains the code and text of the suspended paper

> "Predicting Satisfiablity of Benchmark Instances"

This research project was discontinued ☹️ but the existing code should work.
This document describes the setup and the steps to reproduce the experiments.

## Setup

Before running the scripts to reproduce the experiments, you should

1) Set up an environment (optional, but recommended).
2) Install all necessary dependencies.

Our code is implemented in Python (version 3.8; other versions, including lower ones, might work as well).

### Option 1: `conda` Environment

If you use `conda`, you can directly install the correct Python version into a new `conda` environment
and activate the environment as follows:

```bash
conda create --name <conda-env-name> python=3.8
conda activate <conda-env-name>
```

Choose `<conda-env-name>` as you like.

To leave the environment, run

```bash
conda deactivate
```

### Option 2: `virtualenv` Environment

We used [`virtualenv`](https://virtualenv.pypa.io/) (version 20.4.7; other versions might work as well) to create an environment for our experiments.
First, you need to install the correct Python version yourself.
Let's assume the Python executable is located at `<path/to/python>`.
Next, you install `virtualenv` with

```bash
python -m pip install virtualenv==20.4.7
```

To set up an environment with `virtualenv`, run

```bash
python -m virtualenv -p <path/to/python> <path/to/env/destination>
```

Choose `<path/to/env/destination>` as you like.

Activate the environment in Linux with

```bash
source <path/to/env/destination>/bin/activate
```

Activate the environment in Windows (note the back-slashes) with

```cmd
<path\to\env\destination>\Scripts\activate
```

To leave the environment, run

```bash
deactivate
```

### Dependency Management

After activating the environment, you can use `python` and `pip` as usual.
To install all necessary dependencies for this repo, switch to the directory `code/` and run

```bash
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
```

If you make changes to the environment and you want to persist them, run

```bash
python -m pip freeze > requirements.txt
```

## Reproducing the Experiments

After setting up and activating an environment, you are ready to run the code.
From the directory `code/`, run

```bash
python -m prepare_datasets
```

to download and pre-process the input data for the experiments from the [GBD website](https://gbd.iti.kit.edu/).
Next, start the experimental pipeline with

```bash
python -m run_experiments
```

Depending on your hardware, this might take some time.
To print statistics and create the plots for the paper, run

```bash
python -m run_evaluation
```

All scripts have a few command-line options, which you can see by running the scripts like

```bash
python -m prepare_datasets --help
```
